I
you
oh we've got we've got big bridges up
there a big flat and we got the deep
ravines coming down into this Creek area
drink I'm hoping that dear it's got to
come down to here and we're going to be
able to get a crack shot at him here or
he might come down this old logging
trail here so we're just gonna have to
wait him out see what we can find
danki
bent on a hard row to hoe and by golly
yo gotti that it's one gorgeous animal
go ahead enjoy
that is a heavy beam is one gorgeous out
beautiful beautiful beautiful let me
shake your hand again but and I want to
thank you for choosing world-class lake
house so however stuff your rental what
a great dear taking here world-class
whitetails of Ohio just great facility
it's wonderful guide great
accommodations I'd recommend anyone had
wanted to move to harvest amateur
whitetail deer to check this place out I
know for myself I'm gonna bring back my
son and daughter and allow them to take
them a cure dear it'd be a hunt of a
lifetime they'll never forget and myself
also